update vector search docs (#18779)
pingcap/docs: vector-search-integrate-with-django-orm.md

> This tutorial walks you through how to use [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) ORM to interact with the TiDB Vector Search, store embeddings, and perform vector search queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial walks you through how to use [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) ORM to interact with the [TiDB Vector Search](/vector-search-overview.md), store embeddings, and perform vector search queries.
```

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> **Warning:**
>
> The vector search feature is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

</CustomContent>

> **Note:**
>

> > The vector search feature is only available for TiDB Self-Managed clusters and [TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-serverless) clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The vector search feature is only available for TiDB Self-Managed clusters and [TiDB Cloud Serverless](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier#tidb-cloud-serverless) clusters.
```

#### Define a vector column optimized with index

> **Note**
>
> This section is only applicable to [TiDB Serverless](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier#tidb-serverless) clusters.

> Define a 3-dimensional vector column and optimize it with a [vector search index](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/vector-search-index) (HNSW index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a 3-dimensional vector column and optimize it with a [vector search index](/vector-search-index.md) (HNSW index).
```
